[changelog][opam] 2023-07-26-opam-2-2-0-alpha2.md (#1457)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/changelog/opam/2023-07-26-opam-2-2-0-alpha2.md

---
title: opam 2.2.0~alpha2
authors: [
  "Raja Boujbel",
  "Kate Deplaix",
]
description: "Alpha2 release of opam 2.2.0"
date: "2023-07-26"
tags: [opam, platform, release]
---

_Feedback on this post is welcomed on [Discuss](https://discuss.ocaml.org/t/ann-opam-2-2-0-alpha2-release/12699)!_

We are happy to announce the second alpha release of opam 2.2.0. It contains
some fixes and a new feature for Windows.  You can view the full list in the
[release note](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/releases/tag/2.2.0-alpha2).

This version is an alpha, we invite users to test it to spot previously
unnoticed bugs to head towards the stable release.

## Windows Support

The first alpha came with native Windows compatibility. This second alpha comes

> with a more simple init for Windows: we no longer rely on an already present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a simpler initialisation for Windows: we no longer rely on an already present
```
